Work at an innovative company that for example newly introduced an app feature — Keyflow Konnect that enables you as a Konnect organizer to meet and go out with other Keyflow users.
Imagine a new way to meet new people, reconnect with old friends or even find new experiences.
Well, Keyflow Konnect now puts that power in the palm of your hands. Keyflow Konnect allows you as a user to open up your private parties for other Keyflow users.
https://youtu.be/IUxN7s-iCpw
Keyflow is an app that offers Scandinavia’s largest digital platform for nightlife. In the app you can apply to be on the guest list, book a table and buy tickets to events and nightclubs.
Apply to join the party for you or with your group of friends.
Be a part of a team that work remotely, then the possibility to be relocated to Sweden.

Keyflow is the Nordic’s largest nightlife facilitator. It has become a key player in marketing to, handling and receiving guests. Keyflow has a 6-figure loyal and active following, and it’s growing.
You will be working with new technologies and will have significant opportunities to grow your skills.

Responsibilities:
You will be working with new technologies and will have significant opportunities to grow your skills.
You will be fully responsible for migrating an existing system which is realized by Puppet to a new scalable one with containerization and Google cloud.

Tech stack at the project:

Python
MongoDB
AWS
Jenkins

Requirements:

a good understanding of the infrastructure
experience with deployment
experience and knowledge of Puppet
at least 4 years of experience with Python
good in English, both speaking and writing
previous experience with Django, Flask, or Tornado.
understanding fundamental design principles behind a scalable application
experience with Google Cloud or any other cloud computing platforms
proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git
good in English, both speaking and writing

What we offer:

Scandinavian work culture
health insurance
25 days of paid vacation
5 days of sick leave
team buildings
personal development plan
attending conferences (virtual conferences from Epicenter Hub)
professional certifications
family and warm atmosphere inside the company
coworking space on your demand
